the Junction of two or more States, or Parts of States, without
the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well
as of the Congress.
    The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all
needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other
Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Con-
stitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the
United States, or of any particular State.

    Section 4. The United States shall guarantee to every State
in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall pro-
tect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the
Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot
be convened) against domestic Violence.
                              Article V.
    The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem
it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or,
on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the sev-
eral States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments,
which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Pur-
poses, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions
in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratifi-
cation may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amend-
ment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight
hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth
Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no
State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suf-
frage in the Senate.
