United States and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabit-
ant of that State for which he shall be chosen.
    The Vice President of the United States shall be President
of the Senate but shall have no Vote, unless they be equally di-
vided.
    The Senate shall chuse their other Officers, and also a Presi-
dent pro tempore, in the Absence of the Vice President, or when
he shall exercise the Office of President of the United States.
    The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeach-
ments. When sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or
Affirmation. When the President of the United States is tried
the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be con-
victed without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members
present.
    Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend fur-
ther than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold
and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the United
States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and
subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, accord-
ing to Law.

    Section 4. The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at
any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to
the Places of chusing Senators.
    The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and
such Meeting shall be on the first Monday in December, unless
they shall by Law appoint a different Day.
