       COMMENCEMENT OF THE TERMS OF OFFICE


                  TWENTIETH AMENDMENT

     SECTIONS 1â€“6. The terms of the President and Vice Presi-
dent shall end at noon on the 20th day of January, and the terms
of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of Janu-
ary, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this
article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors
shall then begin.
    The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and
such meeting shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, un-
less they shall by law appoint a different day.
    If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the
President, the President elect shall have died, the Vice Presi-
dent elect shall become President. If a President shall not have
been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of his term,
or if the President elect shall have failed to qualify, then the
Vice President elect shall act as President until a President shall
have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case
wherein neither a President elect nor a Vice President elect shall
have qualified, declaring who shall then act as President, or the
manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and such
person shall act accordingly until a President or Vice President
shall have qualified.
    The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death
of any of the persons from whom the House of Representatives
may choose a President whenever the right of choice shall have
devolved upon them, and for the case of the death of any of the
